hi guys so today's video is going to be
my first makeup look at using Avenue Too
Faced semi-sweet chocolate bar palette I
actually have a whole review on my
channel if you want to check it out I
will link it down below but I have been
loving this palette I've been using it
non-stop since I picked it up literally
every single day so I thought it was
time that I start doing some looks using
it I'm going to be using some of the
cooler shades from the palette since it
is such a warm toned palette my first
look I thought should just be something
with the cooler shades that way you can
see how they work together but I have a
lot of different looks planned for this
palette so make sure that you stay tuned
this is also a collab with my new friend
Kelly here on YouTube as she is
absolutely stunning and you guys are
going to love her videos she is so good
at makeup I've seriously been watching
her videos and taking her tips and
trying out her looks and she's just
really informative and so fun to watch I
know that you guys are going to love her
we thought it would be fun to do a look
using this palette so you guys can also
check out her video to see what looks
she creates I'm super excited to check
it out myself because I've just been
looking for a lot of different ways to
use these shadows so I'll link her video
and her channel below so make sure you
guys subscribe to her if you haven't
already and let's jump into the tutorial
okay so I'm going to go in with my
Smashbox photo finish primer and just
use this to prime my face I feel like
this is perfect for the winter time if
you have any try patches it really just
smooths over them and gives you the
perfect face for your foundation then
I'm going to go in with my benefit Boing
concealer and just use this to cover any
blemishes or acne scarring because my
face has been breaking out a little bit
so I just love this concealer I feel
like it's the perfect concealer if you
have trouble spots because it just does
a great job at covering them up then I'm
going to go in with a covergirl
three-in-one foundation again I feel
like this is perfect for the winter
because it is super hydrating and full
coverage I will link my foundation
routine in the description box below I
skipped over most of it just because I
do have an entire foundation routine and
I didn't want to bore you by showing you
again and again but I'm just using a
foundation brush from altaïr Beauty I'll
link the brush set below but I love them
they're just affordable and they're real
really cute so you can't go wrong with
them I'm going to go in with nougat and
mousse mix them together and apply them
as a transition shade it's coming off a
little bit orange on camera but I think
that's just from a previous transition
shade when I use this brush with a
different color but these two mixed
together provide a really really good
cool tone transition shade then I'm
going to take the Maybelline Color
tattoo and the color bad to the bronze
and just place this all over my lid you
can totally skip this step and the
shadows work well without it but I just
like that little extra base to help it
appear more pigmented I'm going to take
rum-raisin and apply it all over the lid
this is just a really really gorgeous
shimmery pigmented cool toned brown
color and I just love how it looks on
the lid try to ignore any glitter that
you might see in my hair I was just
wearing a glittery shirt and it got all
over the place then I'm going to take
the color put in which is just like a
medium toned cool brown and place this
in the crease I'm going to alternate
between the Sedona lace crease brush and
a clean brush just blending it out and
making sure that there's no harsh lines
of course you can build this up to
create your desired pigmentation but I
just usually like to place a little bit
in there if I'm going to use it as like
an everyday look then I'm going to go in
with the color hot fudge and licorice
and mix them together and just use this
brush that I got in an Ipsy bag and
place it in the outer corner and a
little bit into the crease this is
really just going to help to darken up
the look without making it too too
dramatic because we're going to blend it
out in a second with a blending brush
but I really really like doing this I
feel like it just adds something extra
to the look also these shades are super
pigmented so you don't need a ton of
product to get a really dramatic look I
think that liquorice or the dark brown
shade would work perfectly to create a
smokey eye because you just need the
smallest amount for your entire eye
after I'm done blending them out I'm
just going to go in with a q-tip you can
use foundation or eye makeup remover and
I'm just going to clean up the edges and
make it really crisp and clean then I'm
going to take the original color that I
used all over the lid and place this on
my lower lash line just to really tie
the entire look together afterwards I'm
going to take a liquorice and just line
my upper lash line with it because this
really helps to fill in any gaps that
you might miss with your liquid liner
and it just gives you a really really
good point of reference when you're
applying
like with binder I have been seriously
obsessed with the Stila stay all day
liquid liner it is the absolute best
liner I worked the other day for like 18
hours I took a nap my eyes were watering
and it stayed in place all day long so
if you guys haven't tried this you have
to go out and try it it's worth every
penny and it honestly just makes doing
it your winged liner so much easier I
just love it and I don't know if I'll
ever use another one I'm just going to
go in with my buxom hold the line liner
and line my waterline just to add a
little bit more to the look you can skip
the step or use a nude but I really like
how the black look then I'm just going
to take my Clinique mascara which I've
been using recently it's just a sample
but I love this I feel like it makes my
lashes super voluminous so I might have
to go and repurchase it when I'm done
with this sample and then I'm just going
to finish off by using coconut cream and
butter pecan both as a highlight
underneath the brow bone and in the
inner corner I feel like mixing them
together just creates the perfect mix
because one is warm tone one school tone
one's matte and one shimmery so when you
mix them together you kind of get the
best of both worlds I'm going to be
using my city color cosmetics V matte
bronzer and just using this to contour
since it is like a cool toned Brown
rather than a bronzy color I feel like
this works really well to contour and
it's super inexpensive so I definitely
recommend checking it out because it
just blends out so nicely then I'm just
going to go in with my Becca blush in
the color wild honey this is a really
really natural looking blush and I think
it looks so gorgeous with any eye look
and I've just been loving it recently
I'm going to highlight using this Mac
highlighter I think it was limited
edition it's Rosa La I got it from my
friend Abby and just highlight my
cheekbones I really really love
highlighters recently I don't know what
it is so if you have a favorite make
sure you let me know in the comments
below I'm just going to line my lips
using a city color cosmetics liner that
matches my lipstick and then of course
I'm going to go in with the Milani lip
stick in the color sangria this is
absolutely gorgeous if you haven't tried
it yet you have to try it it just goes
so perfectly with cooler tone shadows
and any winter look I feel like it's
just an essential then I just added some
false lashes and that's the final look
thank you guys so much for watching I
hope that you liked it make sure to
check out Kelly's video in the
description box below and
see you guys in my next video bye